Update documentation guides to use new SDK (#19131)
directus/directus: docs/guides/sdk/getting-started.md

const client = createDirectus('http://directus.example.com').with(graphql());
```

```ts [TypeScript]
import { createDirectus } from '@directus/sdk';
import { rest } from '@directus/sdk/rest';
import { graphql } from '@directus/sdk/graphql';

interface Article {
	id: number;
	title: string;
	content: string;
}

interface Schema {
	articles: Article[];
}

// Client with REST support
const client = createDirectus<Schema>('http://directus.example.com').with(rest());

// Client with GraphQL support

> const client = createDirectus<Schema>('http://directus.example.com').with(graphql());

Reviewer: Very tiny potential tweak, but since we now have two `client` variables with the same name here, maybe we can do `restClient` and `graphqlClient` respectively instead.

Reviewer 2: I think this one is fine - it's implied from the comments it's either/or

```
:::

> If using TypeScript, you must provide a `Schema` when creating a Directus client. This schema contains definitions for each collection and provides you with type hints (on input) and completion (on output). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If using TypeScript, you need to provide a `Schema` when creating a Directus client to make use of type hinting and completion. This schema contains definitions for each collection and provides you with type hints (on input) and completion (on output). 
```

#### Read a single item

```js
import { createDirectus } from '@directus/sdk';
import { rest, readItem } from '@directus/sdk/rest';

const client = createDirectus('http://directus.example.com').with(rest());

> const result = await client.request(readItem('articles', 5));

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const article_id = 5;
const result = await client.request(readItem('articles', article_id));
```
Perhaps we can make it clearer that `5` here is an article ID
